hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2001 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone so
let's get started the film opens in
England with a young boy named Harry
Potter living with his aunt uncle and
cousin known as the Dursleys the
Dursleys are Harry's only living
relatives but they treat him awfully
making him sleep in a cupboard under the
staircase after a series of events Harry
is visited by a large man named Hagrid
who informs Harry that he is actually a
wizard and that Harry is actually quite
famous in the Wizarding World for being
the only person to survive an attack
from a dark wizard named Lord Voldemort
Harry also finds out that Lord Voldemort
killed his parents James and Lily Potter
Hagrid informs Harry that he has been
accepted to the Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry Haggard takes
Harry to buy school supplies in a hidden
magical street called Diagon Alley and
then Harry boards a train to the school
at platform 9 and 3/4 at the Kings Cross
station aboard the train Harry meets a
boy from a large but poor Wizarding
family named Ron Weasley and a girl
named her Moyne Granger who is a witch
born of two non magical parents in the
world of Harry Potter
those without magic are referred to as
muggles the students arrive and the
students are separated into one of four
houses Gryffindor Hufflepuff Ravenclaw
and Slytherin which is decided by a
magical sorting hat so Darrin is known
for having a history of dark wizards
so Harry requests not be put into
Slytherin so instead he is placed in a
Gryffindor along with Ron and Hermione
Ron also comes from a long line of
Gryffindor's with all of his brothers
also being in the same house Harry
begins his schooling and joins his
houses Quidditch team a magical sport
played on brooms Harry Ron and Hermione
one night discover a large three-headed
dog named fluffy owned by Hagrid on a
restricted floor of the school they find
out that fluffy is guarding an object
called The Sorcerer's Stone which can
grant its possessor immortality Harry
believes that the potions teacher
severus snape who used to be a dark
agent for Lord Voldemort is going to
steal the stone in order to return Lord
Voldemort to full power Harry Ron and
Hermione decided to steal the stone
before Snape can they face a series of
obstacles placed by various professors
to protect the stone but they are able
to defeat them all they realize that it
is not Snape trying to steal the stone
but instead Professor Quirrell the
Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor
Quirrell removes his turban revealing
Voldemort to be living on the back of
his head Harry is able to obtain the
Sorcerer's Stone and Voldemort tried to
convince Harry to give it to him in
return restoring Harry's parents lives
Harry refuses and quarrel attempts to
kill him but as soon as he touches Harry
coral turns to dust
Voldemort storm rises from the dust and
flees and Harry is knocked unconscious
Harry wakes up in the hospital wing to
see the school's headmaster Professor
Dumbledore Dumbledore explains that the
stone was destroyed at the request of
its creator he also explained that Harry
defeated Voldemort
because Harry's mother died to save
Harry giving him a love based protection
spell against Voldemort Harry Ron and
Hermione are praised for their bravery
as classes come to an end
Harry realizes that Hogwarts is truly
where he fields home levels the spoilers
for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on the various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
you